Implementing file linking for the client file system (#590)
CnCNet/xna-cncnet-client: Docs/INISystem.md

- `OverwriteOnMismatch`: Overwrites the destination file with source file only if they are different.
- `DontOverwrite`: Never overwrites the destination file with source file if destination file is already present.
- `KeepChanges`: Carries over the destination file with any changes manually made to by caching the file if deleted by disabling the option and then re-enabling it.

> - `LinkAsReadOnly`: Try to make a hard link to the source file, and if you get an error — copy the file. Recommended to use with any binary source files such as `opengl32.dll`, `d3d9.dll`, `dxgi.dll` and don't recommended use option with text files. While link is established, source file and target file has property `Read only` which protects original file and created link from edits. [More details](https://github.com/CnCNet/xna-cncnet-client/pull/590).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `LinkAsReadOnly`: Try to make a hard link (will look the same as the file but the content of the file will be shared) to the source file (copies the file as a fallback if the linking fails). Recommended to use with any binary source files such as `opengl32.dll`, `d3d9.dll`, `dxgi.dll` and not recommended to use with text files. While link is established, source file and target file has property `Read-only` which protects original file and created link from edits.
```
